User stories

1) As a talented designer of buildings from some kind of blocks I want to create an instruction of how I actually built my great creation in order to build it again later or give it to my friends (or maybe as experienced electronics professional I'm about to disassembly a broken mobile phone in order to fix it and want to remember how to assembly it back then)
Implementation:
  - I open the Constructive Editor software and press "New instruction" button.
    => As I already have a ready assembly, it's virtual representation should be created for me automatically so the "End result" screen with a list of assemblies where the only one is available is shown.
    => Here I can press the camera button in order to select some photo from the photo library or make it with the help of the camera embedded into device and then go back to the "End result" screen.
      There is also an another button active on the assembly item: "Interpret".
    => I press the "Interpret" button in order to start disassembling my creation.
    => The action sheet with 5 button is shown: "Detach smaller parts", "Split to details", "Rotate", "Transform", "Cancel", where the "Cancel" button closes the action sheet with no action taken.
    - I press the "Detach smaller parts" button on the action sheet
      => The "Detached parts" screen is shown where the only one assembly is created - the bigger part which is basically the same as a parent assembly but with some smaller parts (assemblies or unbreakable details) detached from it. I can select a photo of the biggest part here (in the same way: from a library or with a camera). I can also remove the bigger part with the "-" button in order to return the parent assembly into initial compiled state. In order to make a photo of the bigger part I should actually detach a part or two from my real creation and make photos of all parts I have now. Then I can add to a list some assemblies or unbreakable details using "+" buttons in "Assemblies" and "Details" sections and select their photos and points on the parent assembly where they were installed (photo of the parent assembly should be selected already in order to select the installation points). There is no need or possibility to select an installation point for the bigger part as it is basically the same as the parent one but with small differences, the "base" one by definition.
    - I press a "Split to details" button on the action sheet
      => The "Details" screen is shown with a list of details and only one detail is created automatically. I can add more details here with a "+" button or remove them all with "-" buttons in order to return the parent assembly into initial compiled state. I can also select their photos and installation points just like before. But selecting of the detail photo is different from the assembly photo selection process in because there could be more then one detail of the same type. So another conception is added here: the detail type. So when I want to select a photo of detail I first go into existing detail types list and select one or create a new one (photo is not a property of the detail itself, but the property of its type and is selected once per new detail type selection and reused in all the details of the same shared type).
    - I press a "Rotate" button on the action sheet
      => The "Rotated assembly" screen is shown where one new assembly is created and no other could be added. Rotated assembly as you may guess is completely the same as the parent one by definition but rotated around some axis in order to show some important details in the best way. Again, there is no installation point for such assemblies needed.
    - I press a "Transform" button on the action sheet
      => The "Transformed assembly" screen is shown where one new assembly is created and no other could be added. Transformed assembly is mostly the same as the parent one and contains all the same parts as the parent but some of it's parts are moved or rotated around otters (for example you may want to open a roof in your car before disassembling the engine or so). There is no installation point for such assemblies needed too.
    => I can always change my mind and reinterpret any of already interpreted assemblies using the "Reinterpret" button on their representations. Some information could be lost or not depending on my choice and my preferences.
    => I can go forward and back by the assemblies tree and interpret/reinterpret, add or remove assemblies, details and detail types, select and change their pictures and installation points, but in the end, in order to have the correct instruction, all my assemblies should be split to unbreakable details, and all the details and smaller assemblies should have installation points set, as well ass all the items should have pictures. Such assemblies tree could be then converted into printable or to electronic instruction in order for you or any other person (including even really young children) to use it then and assembly exactly the same great thing that you or me had.