Looking close to original Lego build instructions you may notice that they always have a hierarchical structure. It means there are several assembly levels subordinate to each other.
There is a primary hierarchy of assembly levels as well as secondary hierarchy inside of one particular level: according to one the next assembly depends on previous one as it consists of it as a main (base) part and some extra assemblies and details as additions.
Secondary hierarchy is usually displayed with a help of order in which assemblies follow each other in the instruction and marked with the help of step numbers inside of one particular hierarchical level: 1, 2, 3…
Levels are usually differentiated with the help of next notation: the topmost level has the biggest font size to mark its step numbers while the others have smaller font sizes; every  sub level has its unique step numbers starting from 1. There is also a separate numeration for every group of steps starting a new level, it means there could be several separate numeration sequences in the same level if they describe different parts of a model and as a result they are situated in different branches of the primary hierarchy. Last two levels are usually marked explicitly with the help of additional notation: a rectangle with a black border and a specific background color: light yellow and light green (you may see these two level in original Lego build instructions, but they should be big enough to include at least three hierarchical levels and have the light green rectangles).
Theoretically there is no restriction on count of level as wall as on count of steps: the maximum of what I've seen is 5 levels depth but this count may increase with a complexity of a model and the fonts sizes count will increase as well.
When the Constructive Viewer is going to display some hierarchical structure it needs to calculate the maximum hierarchical depth of entire levels tree and take it into account as a main criteria of the way how to visualize the model.
If the maximum depth is 3 or even more then there will usually be present green rects as well as yellow ones with one restriction: yellow rectangle should not take entire page area (there should be present at least one  assembly picture of the upper level that don't use special rects notation). If the count of steps and size of pictures in yellow level (level marked with a yellow rectangle) is too big then last two levels notation should be changed: green level should become yellow while yellow one should lose it's yellow background and just use a smaller text font then the upper level. Again if after the described notation change the yellow level (the last one that was green before the change) takes entire page or even more then the described change should be repeated. In other words the yellow and green rectangles are the preferred visualization option but they are optional (may be absent in some model hierarchy branches).
The assemblies of lower levels as well as details should always have the unique installation place - the point on the upper level assembly picture where it should be installed (in current realization that don't have/use any 3D model information but just 2D pictures of assemblies and details). That installation place is usually marked as a black zigzag arrow with white border going from the lower level assembly picture/detail to the installation point. Origin of the arrow (its starting point) may differ in different realizations but it should be visually connected to the lower level assembly/detail picture (there are usually several steps on the lower level assembly so the arrow can start from the horizontal or vertical line separating that group of steps from other levels or just use a point on the level border if it is yellow or green).
Assemblies inside of one level don't have concrete installation places (no arrows, just an order and step numbers) as they are generally very close to each other: the only difference is that some new details or assemblies are attached to some points on every step.
As mentioned before, pages should be separated with black vertical or horizontal lines to indicate the direction of general assembling line and visually separate different hierarchy levels.
Every page should have a details list at its top left corner where all the details added to assembly on this page are presented. Also detail list can be present on top left corner of every page part separated with black lines. Details are presented there with their picture (small one), count (2x or 5x for example) (just a black text in the bottom left corner of a detail picture, length presented as a number of pins in standard Lego brick so you can measure it with any brick (blue text in a circle with white background and black border on the top right corner of the detail picture if this is a standard axis or blue text in a square with white background and black border on the top right corner of the detail picture if this is a standard beam) and also a unique detail identifier you may find on some details that have very similar twins that are mirror reflection of them (blue text in a square with white background and black border on top of the detail picture, like 22, 23 or 7 for example).
Also if a scale pictures of some details are present in the document then all the scale pictures of such details assembled on the current page should be present in 1:1 scale on the bottom right corner of the page or part of the page separated with black lines. This is very important to speedup assembling and especially for children to avoid mistakes that are hard to find out and fix afterwards because you may use such pictures to identify details by comparing their real length with the picture.